docs: utilize nvim-lspconfg to setup and run (#26)
keynmol/grammar-js-lsp: README.md

## Installation

1. Grab a release from the https://github.com/keynmol/tree-sitter-grammar-lsp/releases/ tab
   
   Alternatively, you can build it locally by running `sbt buildDev` - the binaries 
   for all platforms will be put in the `/bin/` folder
2. Configure your editor, here's the instructions for Neovim:

Ensure you have [nvim-lspconfig](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig)
installed, and then add this to your config:

```lua
 vim.api.nvim_create_autocmd({ "BufRead", "BufNewFile" }, {
    pattern = { "grammar.js" },
    callback = function() vim.cmd("setfiletype tree-sitter-grammar") end
  })

  vim.api.nvim_create_autocmd({ "BufReadPost" }, {
    pattern = { "grammar.js" },
    command = "set syntax=javascript"
  })

  local configs = require("lspconfig.configs")
  local util = require("lspconfig.util")

>   configs.grammarsy = {

Reviewer: Let's rename this to `tree_sitter_grammar_lsp`

    default_config = {

>       cmd = { "/Users/ckipp/bin/grammar-js-lsp-macos" },

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      cmd = { "tree-sitter-grammar-lsp-macos" }, -- update to match your install location
```

      filetypes = { "tree-sitter-grammar" },
      root_dir = util.path.dirname
    }
  }
```

Then you're able to call setup just like any other server you may be using from
`nvim-lspconfig`.

```lua
local configs = require("lspconfig")

> configs["grammarsy"].setup({})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configs.tree_sitter_grammar_lsp.setup({})
```
